manuscript/README.md, before:

# Directory storing all informations for Camille Kergal et al. manuscript

For most of the analyses, the human reference genome was `GRCh38` and the dog reference genome was `canFam4` and `canFam3`.

The structure of this repository is as following:

- `input_data` : data files used in the manuscript:
  - `coordinates/` : important files in `.bed`
    - `cf3_cancer_1024prom.bed` : files of the 1,332 promoters of the cancer gene panel on canFam3 genome assembly.
    - `cf4_cancer_1024prom.bed` : files of the 1,332 promoters of the cancer gene panel on canFam4 genome assembly.
    - `GRCh38_cancer_2014prom.bed` : files of human promoters of cancer genes on GRCh38.
    - `human_dog_8x1024_dog.fa.primAlign.blastId.Target.blastId.bed12` : conservation analysis of canine promoters on human genome as given by the script `../../script/cons_prom_minimap.sh`.
  - `models/` : dog models of gene expression prediction for canFam3 and canFam4 with `.json` for NN architecture and `.txt` for correspondance with tissue files.
    - `canFam4.h5` = can be reached here <http://tools.genouest.org/data/tderrien/cf4_pred_model.h5>
    - `canFam3.h5` = can be reached here <http://tools.genouest.org/data/tderrien/cf3_pred_model.h5>
- `scripts` = scripts to generate figures/data of the paper
  - `cons_prom_minimap.sh` : shel script using minimap2/bedtools to anlayze conservation of dog promoters sequences on the human genome (output file is `../input_data/coordinates/human_dog_8x1024_dog.fa.primAlign.blastId.Target.blastId.bed12`)

Commit message:

reorganize data from manuscript (conservation analysis) and add TE analysis

manuscript/README.md, after:

# Directory storing all informations for Camille Kergal et al. manuscript

For most of the analyses, the human reference genome was `GRCh38` and the dog reference genome was `canFam4` and `canFam3`.

The structure of this repository is as following:

- `input_data` : data files used in the manuscript:
  - `coordinates/` : important files in `.bed`
    - `cf3_cancer_1024prom.bed` : files of the 1,332 promoters of the cancer gene panel on canFam3 genome assembly.
    - `cf4_cancer_1024prom.bed` : files of the 1,332 promoters of the cancer gene panel on canFam4 genome assembly.
    - `GRCh38_cancer_2014prom.bed` : files of human promoters of cancer genes on GRCh38.
  - `models/` : dog models of gene expression prediction for canFam3 and canFam4 with `.json` for NN architecture and `.txt` for correspondance with tissue files.
    - `canFam4.h5` = can be reached here <http://tools.genouest.org/data/tderrien/cf4_pred_model.h5>
    - `canFam3.h5` = can be reached here <http://tools.genouest.org/data/tderrien/cf3_pred_model.h5>
- `scripts` = scripts to generate figures/data of the paper
  - `conservation/` : Analysis of promoter evolutionary conservation
    - `cons_prom_minimap.sh` : shell script using minimap2/bedtools to anlayze conservation of dog promoters sequences on the human genome. 
     - `human_dog_8x1024_dog.fa.primAlign.blastId.Target.blastId.bed12` : output files of canine promoters on human genome as given by the script `../../script/cons_prom_minimap.sh`.
  - `transposable_elements/` : analysis of cross-species (human) versus within-species (dog) on dog test sequences wrt to the content in trnasposable elements (TE).
    - `dog_human_cross_1119.txt` : predicted expression with human and dog models for cancer genes.
    - `cf4_1024prom_CancerGenes.vrai_OVER_TranspEl.txt`: TE content per cancer gene.
    - `eda_prom_HumModel_clean_tissu_grpTE.R` : Rscript to generate figureXX
